---
title: Interact with the RDK RollApp
slug: interact
---

After starting your blockchain, you can use its command-line interface (CLI) to
interact with it and perform various actions such as querying the blockchain's
state, sending transactions, and more.

You can use the `hellod` binary to run the `say-hello` query:

```
hellod q hello say-hello bob
```

Once you run this command, the `hellod` binary will send a `say-hello` query to
your blockchain with the argument `bob`. The blockchain will process the query
and return the result, which will be printed by the `hellod` binary. In this
case, the expected result is a string containing the message `Hello, bob!`.

```
name: Hello, bob!
```

Congratulations! ðŸŽ‰ You have successfully created a new Cosmos SDK module called
`hello` with a custom query functionality. This allows users to query the
blockchain and receive a response with a personalized greeting. This tutorial
demonstrated how to use Ignite CLI to create a custom query in a blockchain.

Ignite is an incredibly convenient tool for developers because it automatically
generates much of the code required for a project. This saves developers time
and effort by reducing the amount of code they need to write manually. With
Ignite, developers can quickly and easily set up the basic structure of their
project, allowing them to focus on the more complex and unique aspects of their
work.

However, it is also important for developers to understand how the code
generated by Ignite works under the hood. One way to do this is to implement the
same functionality manually, without using Ignite. For example, in this tutorial
Ignite was used to generate query functionality, now could try implementing the
same functionality manually to see how it works and gain a deeper understanding
of the code.

Implementing the same functionality manually can be time-consuming and
challenging, but it can also be a valuable learning experience. By seeing how
the code works at a low level, developers can gain a better understanding of how
different components of their project fit together and how they can be
customized and optimized.
